define cross products (#29)
Akuli/math-derivations: content/vectors/cross.txt

    </div>

</div>

## Right-hand rule

If the cross product vector is zero, i.e. if the vectors $\vec v$ and $\vec w$ don't form a visible parallelogram,
the direction doesn't matter as the result is a zero vector anyway.
If the cross product is nonzero, there are two directions perpendicular to both $\vec v$ and $\vec w$.
In the above animation, these are up and down.
We need a rule for choosing one of these directions to be the direction of $\vec v \times \vec w$.
This rule is known as the right-hand rule.

Point the index finger of your right hand along $\vec v$ and middle finger along $\vec w$,
making sure to extend your index finger out all the way as in the picture below.
We define the direction of $\vec v \times \vec w$ to be the direction that your thumb points to.

<img src="../images/right-hand-rule.png" style="width:20em;max-width:100%">

<small>This picture is from [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-hand_rule).</small>

You may need to rotate your hand to find the direction of a cross product.
For example, in the above animation,
you need to flip your hand around when $\vec v$ and $\vec w$ point in the opposite directions.

> Keep your index finger "extended" all the way as in the picture.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure to "extend" your index finger all the way as in the picture.
```

> If you find yourself extending your middle finger, you should rotate your hand instead.

Author: Not sure if extend is the right word

It's important to use your right hand for this.
Using your left hand instead gives you the opposite direction,
because it is a mirror image of your right hand.

> 

Author: Needs mention of right-handed coordinate systems
